Jv/ingestion examples (#14)
questdb/documentation: clients/ingest-c-and-cpp.md

  health monitoring
- **Automatic write retries**: Reuse connections and retry after interruptions

### Requirements

- Requires a C/C++ compiler and standard libraries.
- Assumes QuestDB is running. If it's not, refer to
  [the general quick start](/docs/quick-start/).

### Client Installation

You need to add the client as a dependency to your project. Depending on your environment,
you can do this in different ways. Please check the documentation at the
[client's repository](https://github.com/questdb/c-questdb-client/blob/main/doc/DEPENDENCY.md).

## C++

:::note

> This sectionis for the QuestDB C++ client. For the QuestDB C Client, scroll down in this document.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This section is for the QuestDB C++ client. 

For the QuestDB C Client, see the below seciton.
```

        questdb::ingress::line_sender_buffer buffer;
        buffer
            .table("trades")
            .symbol("symbol", "ETH-USD")
            .symbol("side", "sell")
            .column("price", 2615.54)
            .column("amount", 0.00044)
            .at(questdb::ingress::timestamp_nanos(nanos));

        buffer
            .table("trades")
            .symbol("symbol", "BTC-USD")
            .symbol("side", "sell")
            .column("price", 39269.98)
            .column("amount", 0.001)
            .at(questdb::ingress::timestamp_nanos(nanos));

        // Transactionality check
        if (!buffer.transactional()) {
            std::cerr << "Buffer is not transactional" << std::endl;
            sender.close();
            return 1;
        }

        // Flush the buffer of the sender, sending the data to QuestDB
        sender.flush(buffer);

        // Close the connection after all rows ingested
        sender.close();
        return 0;
    }
    catch (const questdb::ingress::line_sender_error& err)
    {
        std::cerr << "Error running example: " << err.what() << std::endl;
        return 1;
    }
}
```

> As you can see, both events now are using the same timestamp. We recommended to use the original event timestamps when
> ingesting data into QuestDB. Using the current timestamp hinder the ability to deduplicate rows which is
> [important for exactly-once processing](/docs/reference/api/ilp/overview/#exactly-once-delivery-vs-at-least-once-delivery).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As you can see, both events now are using the same timestamp. We recommended using the original event timestamps when
ingesting data into QuestDB. Using the current timestamp will hinder the ability to deduplicate rows which is
[important for exactly-once processing](/docs/reference/api/ilp/overview/#exactly-once-delivery-vs-at-least-once-delivery).
```

## C

:::note

> This sectionis for the QuestDB C client. Please skip to the bottom of this page for more
> information affecting both C and C++ clients.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This sectioni s for the QuestDB C client. 

Skip to the bottom of this page for information relating to both the C and C++ clients.
```

    // inconsistency issues. Read below in this page for transaction details
    if (!line_sender_buffer_transactional(buffer)) {
        fprintf(stderr, "Buffer is not transactional\n");
        line_sender_buffer_free(buffer);
        line_sender_close(sender);
        return 1;
    }

    // Flush the buffer to QuestDB
    if (!line_sender_flush(sender, buffer, &error)) {
        size_t len;
        const char *msg = line_sender_error_msg(error, &len);
        fprintf(stderr, "Failed to flush data: %.*s\n", (int)len, msg);
        line_sender_error_free(error);
        line_sender_buffer_free(buffer);
        line_sender_close(sender);
        return 1;
    }

    // Print success message
    printf("Data flushed successfully\n");

    // Free resources
    line_sender_buffer_free(buffer);
    line_sender_close(sender);

    return 0;

error:
    {
        size_t len;
        const char *msg = line_sender_error_msg(error, &len);
        fprintf(stderr, "Error: %.*s\n", (int)len, msg);
        line_sender_error_free(error);
        line_sender_buffer_free(buffer);
        line_sender_close(sender);
        return 1;
    }
}

```

> As you can see, both events now are using the same timestamp. We recommended to use the original event timestamps when
> ingesting data into QuestDB. Using the current timestamp hinder the ability to deduplicate rows which is
> [important for exactly-once processing](#/docs/clients/java_ilp/#exactly-once-delivery-vs-at-least-once-delivery).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As you can see, both events use the same timestamp. We recommended using the original event timestamps when
ingesting data into QuestDB. Using the current timestamp hinder the ability to deduplicate rows which is
[important for exactly-once processing](#/docs/clients/java_ilp/#exactly-once-delivery-vs-at-least-once-delivery).
```

## Other Considerations for both C and C++

### Configuration options

The easiest way to configure the line sender is the configuration string. The
general structure is:

```plain
<transport>::addr=host:port;param1=val1;param2=val2;...
```

`transport` can be `http`, `https`, `tcp`, or `tcps`. The C/C++ and Rust clients share
the same codebase. Please refer to the
[Rust client's documentation](https://docs.rs/questdb-rs/latest/questdb/ingress) for the
full details on configuration.

### Don't forget to flush

The sender and buffer objects are entirely decoupled. This means that the sender
won't get access to the data in the buffer until you explicitly call
`sender.flush` or `line_sender_flush`.
This may lead to a pitfall where you drop a buffer that still has some data in it,
resulting in permanent data loss.

> Unlike other official QuestDB clients, the rust client does not supports auto-flushing
> via configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Unlike other official QuestDB clients, the Rust client does not supports auto-flushing
via configuration.
```

A common technique is to flush periodically on a timer and/or once the buffer
exceeds a certain size. You can check the buffer's size by calling
`buffer.size()` or `line_sender_buffer_size(..)`.

The default `flush()` method clears the buffer after sending its data. If you
want to preserve its contents (for example, to send the same data to multiple
QuestDB instances), call `sender.flush_and_keep(&mut buffer)` instead.

### Transactional flush

> As described at the [ILP overview](/docs/reference/api/ilp/overview#http-transaction-semantics),
> the HTTP transport has some support for transactions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As described in the [ILP overview](/docs/reference/api/ilp/overview#http-transaction-semantics),
the HTTP transport has some support for transactions.
```

> In order to ensure in advance that a flush will not affect more than one table, call
> `buffer.transactional()` or `line_sender_buffer_transactional(buffer)` as we demonstrated on
> the examples in this document.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To ensure in advance that a flush will not affect more than one table, call
`buffer.transactional()` or `line_sender_buffer_transactional(buffer)` as we demonstrated on
the examples in this document.
```
